most people are aware that there are
acoustic solutions for echoes and
loudness but there are very few that are
even considering the aesthetic aspect of
what they do when they do they often
just cover something with burlap Etan
colored cloth and stick panels up on the
wall and that's pretty nondescript Libre
is a an artistic and acoustic panel it's
an image in a frame that has special
materials enclosed within the frame that
helped to dampen sound in a room it
absorbs sound we named it Libre because
it's a word that means balance art that
helps to balance the sound in the room
the first idea for Libre actually came
when the architect Marci Wong was
working with the Myers and they were
developing Phoebe and one of the rooms
was terribly loud and they had put up
that sort of gray looks like egg crate
acoustic paneling all around the room
and it wasn't quite beautiful very
functional and there were no windows so
Marcy said her she really got the idea
she came to me and said could you print
photographs on fabric and I said well
I'm sure you can I don't know how good
they would be but it's worth a try
so when we first did this there was no
thought really of a product we realized
that there are lots of places where it
could be very valuable and hospital
environments nursing homes hotel
restaurants so in some settings a Libra
might be just the perfect solution for
that every week you open up the sunday
Chronicle read about a new restaurant
that's opening they hire designers they
want to win awards for their design they
want to be beautiful and hip and
aesthetic and have great food and have
great drinks and have great ambience
whenever I walk in to comb all I have to
say I'm just thrilled to see it and I've
been in there having dinner
and seen people go up and stand in front
of that wall and have their picture
taken it's very satisfying to know that
it provides a sense of beauty of sound
and vision in a space